feat(release-please): add default token input option (#212)
google-github-actions/release-please-action: README.md

| input | description |
|:---:|---|

> | `token` | A GitHub secret token, the action default use the special `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `token` | A GitHub secret token, the action defaults to using the special `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN` |
```

          git push origin v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }}
```

> ### Use the personal access token in fork repository

Reviewer: I think we could just drop this section. It's a lot of content, and I think it's clear from the description of `--token` that you can provide an alternate token if you're interested.
